{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red253\green205\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c99608\c83137\c11765;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How does this work? He doesn't get to interpret what I say, does he? It's the same here as when Paul's at home, he's not a psychotherapist here.\
He's not a therapist at home? OK.\
Do you remember what it feels like to be wanted? What is it? Did I Do you know what transference is? When a patient has feelings for their therapist which are drawn from their relationships with their parents? Did you fuck her? Edward, he was nothing.\
Can you say it's nothing? Can you say it's nothing with this What is her name? - I can't tell you, I'm not allowed to.\
- I want to know, and you'd better tell me.\
- I am not fucking around.\
- Laura.\
- Hi, Kate.\
- Gina.\
- How are you? - OK.\
- I made us some tea.\
- Hi.\
Hi.\
- Give me your cell.\
- Leave the leave the ringer on.\
That's kind of the point.\
We're waiting for Rosie to check in.\
She slept over at a friend's house and she hasn't checked in yet.\
Well, at least that's what she said.\
But Lord knows it's not the first time that a teenager said she was gonna stay at a friend's and ended up somewhere else.\
So where is she? Do you think I'm withholding information? Are you? Anyway, um Sarah's parents are away and Rosie's not answering her phone, so it's a little convenient.\
- Didn't this happen a few weeks ago? - Mm-hm.\
But this time she's been gone for 24 hours.\
I mean, she is at that age, isn't she? - That makes it OK? - No, I didn't say that.\
Her mother doesn't trust her when she says she's with a friend, that's a cause for concern.\
I'm pretty concerned.\
Hence, the two phones laid out.\
When did you last talk to her? Yesterday, when I was at work.\
I don't know if Paul told you but I run a shelter for battered women and it's also a centre for youths at risk.\
Rosie volunteers there about four times a week.\
She told me she'd be there and then going to Sarah's, but she did say it in her responsible voice, which should've tipped me off.\
Anyway, Sarah's parents are in Mexico and I don't know, maybe the girls drove off somewhere after school.\
Sarah's got a car.\
And Rosie was probably afraid to tell us because you might flip out and - I'd flip out? - Well Who knows? I don't know.\
What kind of work does Rosie do at the centre? Whatever's needed, basically, from writing up schedules to running errands.\
She sits in on interviews sometimes, just so she can get a sense of how we evaluate people.\
How much trouble they may be in and how much help they may need.\
Four times a week - it's a commitment for a 16-year-old kid.\
It's interesting - when Rosie's volunteering, all of a sudden she's an adult.\
She's a born social worker.\
Always has been, ever since she was a kid.\
How did she show that when she was younger? She was always the mediator with her friends on the playground.\
Organising, making the peace, that kind of thing.\
Even her teachers remarked on it.\
And you heard this where? I don't recall you at too many parent-teacher conferences I was on the PTA board at Arlington, remember? Well, Paul, I mean, come on, you went twice? Well Did you ever see Rosie take on this mediator role at home? What she means is was Rosie our social worker? See, Gina can't conceive of a child being born with an intrinsic desire to help other people without it being a coping mechanism for something else.\
Right? Rosie's always been interested in being of service and that's something we encouraged.\
- Did we? - Well, I encouraged it.\
I think it's great.\
I think it's incredible that she volunteers.\
I talk to her about everything she sees down at the centre and it's certainly not her responsibility to deal with any of the hardcore cases or anything like that.\
I make sure that she's not in over her head.\
I tell her who's who and what's going on and Yeah, I agree.\
I think four times a week is a little too much.\
You know, there might be a little more to it for Rosie than a desire to help.\
What Gina is saying is that Rosie might be working around at-risk youths because she's distressed herself.\
Paul, do you really think Kate and I need an interpreter? Sorry.\
When did she start volunteering? Uh, it was, what? About six months ago.\
I was thrilled at first because it meant she was spending less time at the mall with her friends, but - Now I'm thinking she may need more of that.\
- What, more time at the mall? No, you know what I mean.\
Just doing stupid teenager stuff.\
I mean, why should she be so concerned with the world's problems at her age? - I don't think Gina's saying that.\
- Paul.\
She's saying that Rosie is drawn to the place because she's trying to say something to us, - but that we're oblivious - Can I speak for myself? Isn't that what you're getting at? It's not for you to say what I'm getting at.\
Sorry.\
You know, even if Rosie has a desire or a vocation to help other people, I'm wondering how much of that do you think a 17-year-old kid needs? So, yes, Paul, she may be trying to shine a light on something.\
OK, that's it.\
I'm gonna try her again, since apparently her volunteering is a cry for help.\
Oh, thank God.\
It's ringing.\
Rosie.\
I'm gonna kill you.\
Where the hell have you - No, because we have - Let me talk to her.\
- Kate.\
- Since when does that happen? - Let me talk to her, please.\
- No.\
When you sleep away, you're supposed to call first thing in the morning.\
- That was the agreement and you know it.\
- Kate No, we will discuss this at home.\
No, because we're out.\
We're talking to someone.\
An an accountant.\
No, you don't know him her.\
Well, he's no, he's sittling right here, and he is looking none too pleased about any of this.\
We'll talk at home, Rosie.\
All right.\
So I'm not allowed to speak to her? She claims she got to Sarah's late last night, they were late for school and, get this, she didn't realise her phone was off, which is like me not realising my head's on fire, but She is not staying there again.\
OK, well, you tell her that.\
- If I were Gina, I'd ask, "Why now?" - "Why now" what? If a couple came to me with this problem, I'd say "Why is she choosing to act out now?" That's what you'd ask? Really? Well, maybe you should ask that couple and then you can get back to me.\
She's doing this on purpose.\
It's obvious.\
She senses a conflict between us and she's turning it around, to give us a taste of what it's like to worry about her.\
She's a teenager.\
There's no master plan involved.\
This is just how teenage girls are, right? It's just how they think.\
Or don't think, in this case.\
No, Kate, it's not conscious, but it's working.\
Rosie vanishes and you become functioning parents.\
You're united in your concern for her.\
Do you think that Rosie senses the conflict between you? Uh I think we've been pretty good about pretending.\
We've actually gotten pretty skilled at that.\
So, why now? As Paul asked.\
Why now? Something happen? You know, what what do you think she's reacting to? Well, I'd say it's more tense actually.\
- More tense? - Mm-hm.\
Kate - Kate ran into Laura.\
- I didn't run into her, I saw her as she was leaving the house.\
- The house? - My office.\
His office, the house, my home, whatever.\
It's all a little blurred.\
- I thought you said she stopped therapy? - He did say that, didn't he? Her father was hospitalised and she asked if she could come.\
She was pretty upset - Please, please, don't do that.\
- What? Describing her like she's this fragile little thing, like she's some poor lost soul.\
She's not.\
I saw her.\
How did she seem to you? She's Tammy Kent.\
- What? - Who's Tammy Kent? - How how is she Tammy Kent? - You know exactly what I'm talking about.\
May I ask who this is? A girl that Paul was in love with when we met.\
A long, long time ago.\
Well, whatever, they are exactly the same type - No, they're not.\
- Yes, they are.\
And he made Laura out to be this fragile little girl, and I am telling you, what I saw was this highly sexual woman who was wearing stilettos at ten in the morning.\
- I did not describe her like that.\
- Tammy Kent.\
- If you formed an image of her - No, but you let me think she was one of your fatherless walking wounded.\
No, you rushed to that conclusion yourself.\
What he also forgot to mention is that she's stunningly beautiful.\
And very young, but that's no surprise, is it? Jesus Christ, it's the goddamn history of the world, leaving your middle-aged wife and Oh, God.\
Isn't it a little embarrassing for you that you've turned out to be like every third man? You've spent your life studying the human condition and now you're just following your dick around like a caveman.\
This woman, Laura, she's got this, um this spoiled, aloof, and calculated look.\
And and she has this this air of self-confidence that is quite obviously bullshit, because if anything real happened to her, she wouldn't know what the hell to do.\
She was so fake.\
And all this you saw while taking out the trash.\
- That's absolutely amazing.\
- Yes, that's right, just by looking at her.\
Everything is communicated whether we like it or not - one of your lines.\
And you just happened to be there as she was Oh, don't keep doing that.\
You're making me out to look like I'm some loose-cannon demented wife.\
Well, if she is spoiled and a fake, why are you so threatened by her? Because my husband is in love with her.\
And because she's the kind of woman who always gets her man.\
A woman like that has always been his fantasy - gorgeous, self-centred, unattainable.\
That's what I want? It's good to know that.\
Hm.\
You don't see yourself that way? No.\
So, you're not Paul's fantasy? No, I'm not.\
Yet he married you.\
Well, I guess he got a raw deal, didn't he? He wanted the trophy wife and he got stuck with a homemaker.\
I'm just a good mom.\
- Pretty boring.\
- Kate, listen to yourself.\
You're completely invalidating your your sexuality, for a start I think we both know that you could've done better if you wanted to.\
Kate, I fell in love with you, not just because you're beautiful and sexy, but because because of your strength.\
- Her strength? - Yes.\
She was grounded and honest and and dependable.\
I needed that.\
I think we both needed that.\
Not any more.\
I don't need you any more.\
Well, I need you.\
I've always loved you and wanted you and needed you.\
But not like Laura.\
You never, ever wanted me like that.\
How can you say that? You keep jumping to these conclusions that make no Kate, you said you didn't need Paul any more? Can you talk about that a little? I don't need him like I used to.\
Not like I thought I needed him.\
I don't know, maybe I don't even need a partner at all.\
I mean, would I like one? Yeah, of course.\
But it would be awfully nice if that person were a bit more present and available.\
But do I need it? If that's the question, um No, I think I've learned to live without it.\
What kind of partner could you see yourself with? Oh! I don't know.\
I I mean, you know, my frame of reference for two and a half decades has been Paul, so Our friends, their husbands, what the hell do I know about what they're really like? What goes on behind closed doors.\
I mean, do we know any couple, really? It's not like I sit around daydreaming about it or I have some fantastic flight of fancy about some perfect man or I could be with a serial killer as long as he told me about his damn day.\
And it's not just about being wanted.\
I know that's what I said last week.\
And wanted is good.\
Of course, everybody wants that, but Yes? I just want to be a part of something.\
It doesn't have to be big and it doesn't have to be grand.\
But I'll tell you something about women like Laura.\
It They're just all about sex.\
You know, that's their currency.\
It's not the sex itself, that's not what I'm saying, it's sex as this thing that controls that determines the distance between her and someone else, and I cannot compete with that.\
Kate Laura isn't a sexual object for Paul.\
Their relationship isn't based on that.\
It's more chaste.\
She's not his sexual fantasy.\
It's not about lust.\
The real threat is that he may actually have fallen in love with her.\
You know, you said you were drawn to him.\
You married him because you admired him because he paid such deep attention to you.\
You were grateful that you felt you were interesting.\
That dynamic of patient-therapist was satisfying to both of you at that point - Jesus Christ.\
- Please let me do my job here, Paul.\
The job of what, rushing to conclusions? Eventually, Kate, you felt that it wasn't satisfying for you.\
You've outgrown that dependency.\
You've outgrown that part of your marriage.\
You said you don't need Paul any more, you don't need to be taken care of, and Paul may have sensed this.\
You're drifting away from under his wing, and suddenly he finds himself confused about his feelings for a patient.\
Laura is dependent on Paul.\
He's her therapist, her elder, her guide.\
Dependency defines that relationship.\
Oh, I see, so she's not my my groupie any more, so I found somebody to to replace her, is that your theory? Nice one, Gina.\
See, you think it's impossible to fall in love with a patient without some kind of pathology surrounding the whole thing.\
Kate, you're trying to redefine yourself in your marriage, to see yourself not as a dependant but as an equal.\
Do you think you can do that and stay with Paul? Oh, Gina, for fuck's sake.\
If I'm this narcissistic monster that you're talking about who has to be admired and worshipped and needed, how does that fit with me sitting here trying to address the problem that we've brought to you? I'm not saying you're a monster, Paul.\
In fact, if you'll listen, I'm not even saying it's all you.\
Kate, Paul may not see you as an equal, but perhaps you've contributed to that.\
Maybe it's how you wanted to be seen.\
It's what was comfortable for you.\
Yeah, 25 years, I always felt he could walk out at any minute.\
Yep.\
Was that part of the attraction? Would you stop it? Would you stop putting these poisonous fucking words into her mouth? You've ignored me in this conversation.\
You see what she's doing.\
She's instructing you on what you should be feeling.\
It's fucking reckless.\
Why are you speeding this up, Gina? Do you want a medal? To see how fast you can do this? Pushing Kate to a place that usually takes months if not years? - That's not what I'm doing.\
- What takes months? What she's saying is that you have a predisposition to be rejected, to not be my equal, that you're reacting to your childhood.\
That is rushing the process, Gina.\
Here's the way I think it works.\
You focus on the couple first, then talk about their parents and childhood.\
The other way, they blame each other.\
They say, "I knew it.\
"Your mother fucked you up and you take it out on me.\
" Do see you see how destructive that is? Maybe you don't want to talk about childhoods because we'd end up talking about your childhood.\
So we're back to where we started.\
You saw me after ten years and decided that I'm my father.\
And like him, I'm in love with my patient and that I'm pushing Kate towards having an affair so that I can have an excuse to leave the house.\
And now, Kate, an hour and a half with her and everything fits perfectly.\
Game, set and match to you, Gina.\
I can't really do this any more.\
I'm very sorry.\
I know this was my idea, but I knew, deep down, that if I came here it would turn into this history between you two.\
And I'm sorry, it's just it's really not helpful to me.\
I'm sorry, Kate.\
I'm sorry.\
I apologise I'll see you next week, OK? Good night.}