{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12967\c14538\c16090;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Let's just cut to the chase, OK? I'm standing in the street near the bomb site.\
It's like London after the Blitz, just rubble, and all because of what I did.\
I knew this should have been the trauma of my life, but I felt nothing.\
This old man came over to me.\
I looked in his eyes and he was sort of amused, kind of friendly, the way my father looks at me when I've done something wrong.\
Still too early to talk about your father? When a person decides he's not in love with his spouse he shouldn't have to put off leaving home.\
Don't you think that's a little extreme? What's your name? Laura.\
Hey.\
This is for you.\
What is it? An espresso machine.\
The Pasquini Livia.\
Top of the line.\
For me? With a three-year warranty.\
Is this some kind of hint about the coffee you had here last week? No.\
No hint.\
It's a statement.\
Check this out.\
See, your coffee was horrifying.\
I don't want to hurt your feelings, I won't tell you what your coffee says about you.\
- What does it say about me? - I may tell you later.\
- So, how do you like your coffee machine? - It's really nice.\
But I, um I can't accept it, I'm I'm sorry.\
What, are you a government employee? I got this for an amazing price in an auction.\
- In a what? - An auction.\
On the internet, eBay.\
I pick times when the country's glued to the television.\
Prices drop 70, 80%.\
Like during the Super Bowl.\
Got myself a home entertainment system, eight speakers, and receiver for only $1,000.\
Would've cost 4500 retail.\
Anyway, Thursday was the American Idol finale.\
And I thought of you.\
So I went online and grabbed this.\
Could you turn that off, Alex, please? What? Just switch it off.\
Please.\
What are you afraid of? What's the big deal? It's a coffee machine.\
Look, I think it's a really sweet gesture and I thank you Don't you want to upgrade the standard of living here? I know you only drink tea, but what about your poor patients? Erm, no offence, but don't you feel there's something aggressive in what you're doing here? I mean, you haven't even asked me if it's something that I want, if it's OK with me.\
OK.\
OK, fine.\
It's just a stupid machine.\
Jeez.\
I'm just trying to understand what you wanted to say with this Nothing.\
I What do you think, then? By me bringing this to you that I'm - trying to buy you? - I don't know.\
Why is it important for me to have a coffee machine? Maybe because the coffee that it makes is top-quality.\
I come here once a week, for the time being, and I need coffee here more than anywhere else to open up and all that crap.\
So, I brought the machine with me and Oh, hey.\
Six different kinds of beans from the totally bitter - gourmet Guatemala - to the kind that postal pilots drink - jungle Java, which is sickeningly sweet.\
You know what, I got an idea.\
Deduct it from what I owe you.\
I don't think so.\
Sorry.\
Could you be mad at me for something else altogether? - Like what? - Because I met a patient of yours.\
- You met a patient of mine? - Yesterday.\
I got the days wrong and I accidentally met Laura.\
I gather it's a delicate situation when patients meet, yeah? What do you mean, "a delicate situation"? I don't know, I thought you therapists had some kind of ethical code.\
Like, I tell you intimate details about her, things she may not want her therapist to know.\
I leave, she tells you the same kind of information about me.\
Could that be considered a breach in your ethical code? I don't think there's any ethical problems, no.\
I'm not allowed to discuss other patients but you are free to talk about what's happening in your life and what's happening between you and Laura, like like anything else.\
But what's happening between me and Laura wouldn't have happened if we weren't patients of yours.\
I met her right out front here.\
That probably wouldn't have happened anywhere else on the planet.\
So you believe there's a kind of a unique significance to the fact that you met a patient of mine? What do you think it is? I'm asking you.\
OK.\
I think we've started therapy, Alex.\
- What? - You brought me a coffee machine because you intend to come here more often and you want to feel at home.\
Through Laura, you're trying to relay that message to me, "She's your patient and I am too.\
" So, we are officially in therapy.\
About the coffee machine, let's do this.\
Um Let's just say it's here on loan.\
As long as I'm coming here, it's here.\
When it's over, I'll take it with me.\
Deal? OK.\
I guess so.\
I would like some some time to think it over, though, but it's OK.\
Hey, think positive.\
Hm.\
If I remember correctly, your wife doesn't allow you to drink coffee at home.\
That's correct.\
Do you feel that this is a place where you can say and do things that you might not be allowed to do at home? No, no, that issue's solved.\
Thanks to you.\
I left home.\
You really helped me with that.\
Showed me that leaving home was my own personal decision.\
Hey, Doc, I'm serious.\
You really did help me.\
I left here much more determined than when I arrived to carry out this disengagement.\
I went straight home and told Michaela I wanted to leave home.\
And I said it in the same way I'd tell her I was going to take the car to the garage.\
And is that what you really felt? That it was so trivial? Yeah.\
That's what I felt.\
Absolutely.\
And here's how it happened.\
Michaela was making salmon - it's always salmon on Tuesdays - and I told her I wanted to leave home.\
Let me tell you, she didn't even turn her head away from the stove.\
She just said that, um "I could have guessed this would happen.\
" And, "You never surprise me, Alex, not even now.\
" How did you feel about that? Were you Were you hurt by that? She wasn't trying to hurt me.\
It's just the way she is and I may have done her wrong here last week, the way I presented her.\
You got to understand, she's a super-intelligent woman.\
When she was 22, she was already working on her PhD at Georgetown, so if she says she was expecting it, then I got to believe she saw me going through something since the bombing and the heart attack and the suspension from the force.\
She saw much more than I was willing to show.\
And realised that it could result in us separating.\
Hmm.\
You know, what's interesting is that you're talking today about your wife like she was some mythical superwoman that's able to anticipate everything ten steps in advance.\
As far as intelligence goes, absolutely.\
No matter what else you say about her, she's got the brains of a rocket scientist on the Manhattan Project.\
Still, wasn't there something in her reaction that disappointed you? I mean, you come home, you drop this bombshell and she's indifferent to you.\
That isn't the case here.\
We're not one of those couples that creates drama all the time.\
We could have dragged this on for years, just for the sake of the kids, as they say.\
- Have you told the kids yet? - No.\
Not yet.\
No, Roy, my eldest, he's, uh, he's been locked up in his room for days, doing a chess championship on the internet.\
Noelle, my daughter, is on some kind of school trip.\
But you will have to tell them at some time.\
Of course.\
Some day, they'll have to accept the fact that their father left home to look for a new life.\
- They can't understand that at their age.\
- How do you think they'll feel about that? Well Roy will understand me, for sure.\
He's a very special boy.\
He has, um inner truth.\
You know uh, Roy's 11 years old and he hardly ever leaves the house.\
He just sits at home and he sits by the computer and he plays chess and He just No girlfriends.\
No buddies, no basketball.\
At first it drove me crazy because he just seemed so miserable.\
So lonely.\
Unpopular.\
I tried everything - I organised tours at the air force museum, for all the kids, they could come and sit in the cockpit of a real F-16 and play with the simulators and It was no use, I mean, in those tours he walked round all alone.\
Yeah.\
No one went near him, he was like some I don't know, some ugly leper kid that all the kids were afraid to get next to.\
Kind of hard to see that, isn't it? Yeah.\
Sometimes it's harder for us as parents to see our kid lonely than it is for the kid himself.\
It took me a long time to realise that.\
Until I realised that he was happy.\
That I had the problem, that I couldn't accept the fact that he wasn't popular.\
That he's an outsider and that's OK, it's just his personality.\
I used to give him and Michaela such a hard time.\
I'd call the counsellor, the teachers, and everybody said, "There's no problem, the boy feels good about himself.\
" It's just the way it is.\
Was that hard for you to accept? Yeah, but, you know, today I'm jealous of him.\
Because he doesn't need anybody, he's got his own world.\
He's got his movies and books and computer games and chess, and the kid was born without a competitive bone in his body.\
Even the chess stuff, he doesn't care if he wins.\
He just likes the thinking it requires.\
A few years ago I organised this Ping-Pong tournament for his class in the back yard.\
He says to me, "Don't you feel sorry for these kids? "Only one will win, it's probably Robert.\
"And the rest will look pathetic in front of the girls.\
"Don't you feel sorry for them?" I swear, I don't know where he got those genes.\
Certainly not from me.\
You think he's too good to be connected to your genes? Are you making fun of me? I just want you to listen to what you're saying about yourself.\
This boy is your own flesh and blood.\
You love him, dearly.\
You're very proud of his beautiful qualities.\
And yet, you think, "Well, he's the exact opposite of me.\
"He couldn't possibly be connected to me.\
" Please, let's not get into that again.\
No This is completely a genetic issue.\
He got the female genes from Michaela and my mother.\
My mother was the same way, there was selflessness in everything she did, just like Michaela.\
She never felt like she was missing out on something.\
She didn't care if she was fulfilling herself and all that shit.\
There was just There was something pure about her.\
Wholesome.\
Like Roy.\
No, he got that from her.\
So, the women in your family are they're pure and wholesome, unblemished.\
And the men are somehow the opposite - dirty, in conflict with themselves? That's not a bad description of my father.\
Dirty as hell.\
He kept falling in love with different women at the office.\
He was having affairs like some kind of dirty dog, yes.\
The guy had it made, he had a woman at home who loved him, let him have his career, no questions asked.\
She took care of the kids and made sure that the entity called family existed.\
What you got to understand about my dad, he lived this whole life on this civil rights pioneer ticket.\
The guy who survived the Klan and marched with King.\
Who could say anything to him? He suffered for us all.\
Mm.\
And your mother wasn't part of that movement? Not like him, not like my dad.\
She was from back east, from Delaware.\
Well-bred, she was the hope of the family.\
A pianist.\
She studied at the music academy.\
She was considered a virtuoso, she could play Liszt in her sleep.\
- You know Liszt? - Mm.\
Only Liszt could play Liszt.\
Yeah, she was really something, she was, um rare.\
You never sensed any bitterness in her that the whole music thing never materialised.\
You still miss her? Of course.\
She saved his life.\
By that I mean at the march on Washington, in '63.\
Right before King's big speech, Mahalia Jackson sang that song, I've Been 'Buked And I've Been Scorned.\
And they caught eyes in the crowd and they both had tears flowing down their faces and they felt connected.\
My father was this lonely, angry man and she well, she melted him.\
She was the only person he ever trusted.\
He was at war with the rest of the world.\
And the war ain't over, believe me.\
Hmm.\
And still, he - he cheated on her.\
- Constantly.\
The guy just wanted more and more.\
- All the time.\
- But he didn't leave her? No.\
Are you crazy? Why would he? He loved her.\
You're sure about that? Are you sure that it wasn't just that he held her in very high esteem? And that he was really grateful for everything that she'd done for him throughout his life.\
If he didn't love her, he could have left.\
Why make her life miserable? OK, OK.\
And you, unlike him, you're trying to do the right thing? You're leaving home just like that? You're not dragging out things like he did.\
OK, all right, all right.\
I see you believe in the whole theory that children try to rectify what their parents did wrong.\
OK, OK.\
I don't know that it's about rectification.\
I think it's more what we call a pattern.\
We unconsciously repeat patterns that we have witnessed in childhood.\
You said I was trying to rectify what my father did.\
I think you're presenting it that way but on a deeper level I think there may be more similarity between you and your father's view of marriage.\
I don't know what you mean.\
Really? You can't see any way in which you and your father may have married the same kind of woman? It seems to me that you both married women whom you admire but that you don't necessarily love.\
That's some bullshit You actually buy this shit? That I'm repeating my father's mistakes? Let me tell you something.\
What's going on in my marriage has got nothing to do with my father, so stop comparing us.\
Perhaps you might not have loved Michaela because you admired her so much for being so so perfect.\
Why are we still talking about Michaela? That story is over.\
Because I'm not sure that your leaving her is really the solution to how you feel about yourself.\
I want to go back to Laura for a minute.\
Why is it so important to go back to Laura? Is it because she's my patient and you think it might bother me that you met? Whoa, whoa, I don't get this.\
Why can't I talk about her? What is the big deal about meeting her? Hey, Paul you won't believe how much this cost.\
$450.\
I mean That's crazy, right? Too bad they don't sell property on the online auctions.\
Now that Michaela has the house, during the Indy 500 I could go on, get a place in the same neighbourhood for almost half a million bucks.\
You got the deal of your life here, Doc.\
Somebody who doesn't know about the whole TV factor would have paid 1500, so if I'm here for a year, that means you're renting it for eight bucks a week.\
Can we get back to our therapy session, Alex? Oh.\
OK, well, Laura couldn't get over it.\
I showed her the machine and she just she couldn't believe it.\
Would you like to, er Would you like to tell me how you two met? Sure, I lost track of time.\
I moved in with my gay friend, Daniel, and his little boyfriend.\
I told you about them, yeah? And they are real happy I left home.\
They bring their friends over to meet me and I'm the talk of the gay community.\
So, I'm going along with it - dinners, drinks.\
I even went to this gay club with them on Sunday.\
They told me there'd be some hot ladies, some that I could pick up, that aren't even lesbians, so Didn't do anything for me.\
What it did was make me lose track of time, I was up all night.\
So, I could've sworn yesterday was Tuesday.\
So, I came here, but when I got here I saw Laura leaving.\
I walked up to her and I asked if everything was OK.\
She said everything wasn't OK, that she ran over a dog - or almost ran over this dog, yesterday morning.\
The way she described it, it sounded like this the Airedale terrier pedigree - the Airedale terrier is the only dog in history to be knighted by the King of England for bravery in battle.\
Did you know that? I didn't know that, no.\
Yeah, well, it did.\
It's an amazing story.\
This dog OK, well, maybe next time.\
So, I asked her, if she had been leaving a session with you.\
She was a bit taken aback, like I had caught her in something shameful.\
Hell, I thought only navy pilots felt that way about seeing a shrink.\
Mmm.\
Ah.\
Yeah.\
I admitted to her that I was seeing you also and I realised that I was here a day early.\
She thought that was just hilarious, that someone could get the days mixed up.\
And she's got this She's got this way of looking at you.\
You know, it's like there's something fierce about this girl.\
- Right? - What do you mean? I don't know, she's got this look.\
It's like It's like she's used to getting her own way.\
And you know what she said? She said that you could ruin even a cup of Lipton tea.\
I mean, come on.\
Mm.\
So, I guess you're both in the same, er - in the same boat, so to speak.\
- Totally.\
Anyway, so we got in my car and we drove to the accident site.\
Naturally there was no dog there, so we grabbed a coffee and I sketched the area on a napkin.\
At her place? No, no, why would you say that? Some caf\'e9.\
So I drew her an overhead view of the area.\
I'm a genius at that - yards and the green areas - anywhere where a dog might disappear.\
Sounds like a real military operation.\
Yeah.\
Yeah.\
To be honest, I kind of miss that.\
Just being up in the air reducing the area on a map, looking for a man intelligence has been after for three months.\
So, did you find the dog? No, no.\
It probably went and died somewhere.\
But you could say it still had a happy ending.\
Hey, is our is our time almost done? Um No, we have about five minutes left.\
Oh, man.\
Sorry.\
I thought this thing was off.\
Ah.\
Speak of the devil.\
I'm supposed to meet Laura, mind if I take this? Sure.\
Go ahead.\
Hey, what's up? No, no, not yet.\
But judging from Paul's face, I think he'll kick me out of here in a minute or two.\
I know, right.\
OK.\
Yeah, all right.\
Bye.\
So, what do you think? Should I go for her? Laura.\
Oh, come on, Paul.\
Come on, you can tell me.\
I know it's not ethical, but you're my shrink too.\
She's the first woman I've been out with in 15 years.\
I don't want to have a lousy experience.\
I'm sorry, I can't give you that kind of advice.\
But she's the kind of woman who - could drive a man insane, am I right? - Alex, I Paul, man to man, just give me a little tip.\
- I can't do that.\
- This could affect my whole life.\
I can't give you dating tips, Alex.\
Sorry.\
Just stop it.\
OK.\
That's all right, because I'm used to you not giving me advice.\
But, you know, you always help out in the end.\
In your crazy, roundabout kind of way.\
Oh, and when she's here for her session, try to pull the espresso handle fast because she likes it with a lot of foam}