{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12992\c14566\c16102;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I really don't remember what happened.\
I was on my bicycle - and a car ran into me.\
- What did they tell you afterwards? That I flew my bike right into the street.\
I need a psychiatrist's opinion because the insurance company of the car that hit me has a problem with my injuries.\
How do you get on with your dad? He's the only person in this world who truly loves me.\
- The only one except Cy.\
- Who's Cy? This is Cy.\
He's my coach.\
Hello.\
- Sophie.\
- Stop the car.\
- Calm down.\
- I wanna get out.\
- Did you hear what I said? - Just calm down.\
- I wanna walk.\
- It's pouring.\
I don't care if it's raining, I wanna walk.\
- No.\
It's too far to walk.\
- Fine.\
Sophie.\
Sophie.\
- Are you - I'm fine.\
I'm fine.\
Cy says you have to experience the rain, so I've experienced it.\
- I'll get you some dry clothes.\
- I'm fine.\
Really? Are you sure you wouldn't be more comfortable if Wait a second.\
There we go.\
- Are they your daughter's? - Mm-hm.\
- Well, did you ask her if it was OK? - No, but I'm sure she won't mind.\
I'll put yours in the dryer and they'll be ready by the end of the session.\
Well, you'll have to help me.\
I haven't gotten dressed on my own since my accident.\
Are you gonna help me here or not? Ever hear of an umbrella, kiddo? My goodness.\
Sweetheart, look at you.\
You're just all skin and bones, aren't you? OK, I will have these dry for you before you leave.\
How on earth do you manage with two broken arms? I don't.\
What, one arm wasn't enough for you, huh? OK.\
I broke my arm when I was twelve roller-skating, and the best thing was that I got to whack my little brother in the head with my cast when he was bugging me, which was pretty much all the time.\
All right, so your shoes - She's cool.\
- Kate? Yeah.\
She's awesome.\
Sure.\
You could learn a lot from your wife about how to talk to people.\
I wish I could take her with me to the gym.\
She could tell everyone the truth.\
Who do you want her to tell the truth to? Did you write my evaluation? No.\
Did you? What the fuck? Why didn't you? That's why I'm here.\
That's all I need from you, that stupid evaluation.\
Actually, I don't think I know you quite well enough yet, Sophie.\
So why didn't you write yours? Well, I tried with my dad but he's too busy with his exhibition.\
- Oh, he's an artist? - A photographer.\
He hates the word artist.\
He always has his exhibitions at home because he's against galleries.\
Anyway, he said it was totally unprofessional for me to write my own evaluation and that you sound like a quack.\
Are you a quack? No.\
I am not a quack, I promise.\
Then I tried to write it with my mom and that didn't work, obviously.\
- Why do you say obviously? - Because she's a total tool.\
- And a retard.\
- A tool and a retard.\
Yeah.\
We got in a fight.\
I was like, "I so don't need this right now.\
" So I left.\
I went to this apartment near the gym where the foreign girls stay.\
I told them my parents were going out of town, so they let me crash there.\
And then I tried to get Cy to help me write it, but he's too busy getting everyone ready to leave for training camp, so I didn't do it.\
So why did you and your mom get into a fight, trying to write the evaluation together? - Well, she actually wanted to write it for me.\
- Oh.\
And I was like, "No, Mom, I can do it myself.\
" And she's like, "We'll be here till the next Olympics.\
" And I was, like, "Bite me.\
" So I left.\
So you didn't want her to write it, you just wanted her to help you, what, phrase it? Doesn't matter.\
We got in a fight for a change.\
But this time, Sophie you left home.\
- So? - Have you done that before? - No.\
- So something was different about this particular fight.\
What do you think it was that was different? Did you Did you come from home or did you come from the gym today? - The gym.\
- The gym.\
Is that far away? That's why I was late.\
Sophie before you arrived, I, um I got a phone call and, um I heard you asking somebody to let you out of the car.\
Um, well, I I tried to call you to tell you that I was on my way but, um, then I figured that we were, like, five minutes away, so I thought I hung up before the call went through.\
- Was that your father? - You could have hung up.\
Or do you always eavesdrop on people's conversations? If you were my patient, I'd ask if it was a coincidence - that I overheard that.\
- But I'm not your patient.\
I wouldn't see a therapist who I thought was an eavesdropper.\
I'd be outta here.\
- Did your dad bring you? - I told you I had a fight with him.\
I thought you said you had a fight with your mom? It's really none of your business who I came here with.\
Earlier on, you said that you'd like Kate to go to the gym with you.\
What would you like Kate to tell the girls at the gym? Your daughter's clothes are gross.\
Why is that funny? - Well, why are they gross? - They're hideous.\
OK.\
I'm really not getting my evaluation today, am I? This is stupid.\
I should go.\
Are my clothes dry yet? - I wouldn't think so.\
- Well, can you check? And call Kate because I need her to help me put them back on.\
You people are such tools.\
I can't believe you get paid for this.\
Why didn't you tell me before that you heard my conversation? - I was waiting for you to tell me.\
- So now I'm a liar too? I didn't say you were a liar, Sophie.\
It's what you're thinking.\
Why do you need Kate to go to the gym with you? I don't need her to.\
Can I ask you something? How do you get along with the girls at the gym? They're assholes, OK? All of them.\
The whole place reeks of hypocrisy.\
Did you know, like, every girl there is a Mia or an Ana except me? They know it.\
They just don't do anything about it.\
- They encourage it.\
- These girls, Ana and Mia, - are they friends of yours? - You don't know these girls? They're fun girls, especially Ana.\
Rexic? Anorexic.\
OK.\
And Mia? Bulimia? - You're sharp as a tack.\
- Thank you.\
So the girls at the gym are anorexic or bulimic, except for you.\
You can't keep your weight down otherwise.\
If you're not skinny, you can't compete, so you have no choice.\
You have to.\
- Who says you can't compete? - Cy and Regina.\
Regina's our physical trainer.\
Oh.\
All the girls follow Cy around like little groupie sluts.\
"Cy, was that OK?" "Cy, can you show me how to do that move?" "Cy, I'm about to fall.\
Quick, put your hands between my legs.\
" But not Regina, cos she's Russian, so her bullshit detector is, like, nuclear.\
And, at the end of the day, Cy and Regina decide everything.\
Who competes, who's gained weight and can't compete.\
Mm.\
After my accident, Karen Scott and Audrey England came to visit me.\
They had these pathetic looks on their faces, like they felt my pain.\
But I knew they were happy.\
I'd be happy if something happened to them right before the Olympic tryouts.\
Honestly, if it was me, I would have done what Shirley did.\
She didn't even come.\
Me and her, we're, like, the best ones there by far.\
It's like she was saying, "Drop dead, for all I care.\
"Just get out of my face.\
" At least that's honest.\
Mm.\
So they're leaving tomorrow for training camp in California and I have nowhere to go.\
They won't let me stay at the apartment by myself.\
They promised Cy I could go, even though I can't train, but now he says they've changed their minds.\
- Who's they? - The sponsors.\
The money people.\
Anyway, I picked a fight with him.\
That's what you heard on the phone.\
It wasn't his fault.\
Why is it so important for you to go with them? - To the camp? - Mm-hm.\
Everyone'll be there.\
You mean, Karen, Audrey and Shirley? But you said you can't stand them.\
You said you don't even like them and you can't train anyway, - so why is it so important to you? - It's not important.\
But I was looking forward to it.\
It sounds like, um, you and Cy are, uh - You're very close.\
- No.\
Can you tell that over the phone? You said he wanted to take you to camp despite the fact that you had an injury, and didn't he drive you here? It was on his way.\
He wants me to come to the camp to watch the training so I don't lose focus.\
But no.\
He couldn't make them pay for Darlene either.\
- Darlene? - Cy's wife.\
She has to pay her own way and Dana's too.\
Dana's the little girl you used to baby-sit? - Why did you stop? - Who told you I stopped? Did I tell you that last week? You have a good memory for an old fart.\
Thank you.\
So why did you stop? They didn't need me any more.\
Dana used to have breathing problems but then she had this surgery and they got better and Darlene came back from Wisconsin where she was learning to process cheese, or something, so they didn't need me.\
Did you work there for a for a long time? No.\
Sort of.\
Dana must have become very fond of you.\
Did she become attached to you? Yeah.\
She's the cutest.\
She hasn't stopped talking about me since I left.\
She says she doesn't want to go to California if I'm not going to be there.\
They told her I wouldn't be able to baby-sit her any more because I'd had this accident.\
But, see, I'd already told her before that I couldn't keep living with them once her mom came home.\
- I wanted to prepare her, you know? - Mm.\
They didn't tell me what they were telling her, so, the whole lie became mixed up in her head.\
- What? - What? You look scared all of a sudden.\
- I look scared? - Like you're looking at a psycho.\
I was just remembering that the last time you were here, you put your casts together.\
Do you remember? You said, "This is Cy.\
" Yeah.\
The mermaid that he drew.\
You said that when Darlene came home, you knew you couldn't keep on living there.\
I never said I lived there.\
But you told Dana you wouldn't be able to go on living there.\
Yeah, because she's a child, so it felt to her like I had lived there.\
Cos she'd go to school and come back and I'd be there, and, um, you know, she got used to me being around.\
So, even when he was home, she'd want me to stay cook him dinner, do her homework with her.\
Sometimes she'd wake up screaming because she'd stopped breathing in her sleep.\
Cy told me that.\
What the hell is going on here? What do you mean? My dad was right.\
I'll go to therapy and I'll end up a psycho just like your daughter.\
Everyone thinks she's a freak.\
- Are you trying to hurt me? - No.\
You should know what people say about her.\
She had this thing with this guy and, afterwards, everyone said she turned out psycho cos her dad is a shrink.\
Shrinks' kids are psycho.\
Everyone knows that.\
Mm.\
Well, maybe that's because because some people are afraid of therapy.\
They're afraid of what they might find out.\
They're afraid that it might touch those wounds that are deep inside them.\
I think there are things that, perhaps, you feel deep inside, Sophie, that you'd like to talk about.\
I'm fine.\
You wanna worry about a little girl? Worry about your own kid.\
Does it bother you that people talk about my daughter? - Why would it bother me? - Maybe you know what it feels like.\
- Maybe I don't.\
- We were talking about your coach then you brought up my daughter.\
I Yeah, because I thought you should know.\
Are there people who say things about you, Sophie? At the gym, maybe? You know, sometimes, when people are jealous, they say things to hurt us, because they envy us.\
Do you think that some of the girls at the gym might be jealous of you and how close your relationship is with Cy? Don't talk to me like I'm a child, please.\
Fair enough.\
I get the feeling that you're afraid to tell me something that other people say about you.\
Are my clothes dry yet? Can you go check? I won't be getting an evaluation today, I'd at least like dry clothes.\
Yeah.\
Well, I have started to write it.\
Well, can I see what you've got? I'm, uh I'm not quite finished yet.\
Bet you haven't written a word.\
"Sophie's Evaluation.\
"16 years old.\
A gymnast.\
"She is an Olympic hopeful.\
"She came in for evaluation after near-fatal accident.\
"During first session, appears to be very impressive.\
"Sensitive, mature for her age, "very intelligent and a highly independent personality.\
" I tried to write it with my mom but We didn't fight.\
I just said never mind.\
- Do you really think those things you wrote? - Absolutely.\
They're just generalities at the moment.\
It's not enough for a real evaluation.\
You know, this morning I tried to brush my teeth like you.\
- Like me? - Mm-hm.\
Like - How'd it go? - I couldn't do it.\
I just stick it in there.\
- Why'd you try that? - Because I wanted to know how it feels.\
- How did it feel? - I felt useless.\
Like, demeaned or something.\
I'm homeless.\
I have nowhere to go.\
- Well, what about your dad? - I told you, I had a fight with him.\
Not a real fight but he pissed me off.\
He knows how much I wanted to go to training camp and he didn't even offer to pay.\
I wouldn't have taken his money anyway.\
Obviously, the exhibitions are expensive but W- Why is it so important for you to go to this camp? It's not important any more.\
How do you get along with Cy's wife? Fine.\
I don't wanna talk about them.\
OK.\
When you're ready, we will.\
You know, when you walked in here, I thought to myself somebody in your life has broken the rules.\
And I felt that, if I had helped you change your clothes, that I would have been doing the same thing.\
I felt like you were testing me.\
I felt like you wanted to make sure that this was a safe place, that the same things that happen out there don't happen in here.\
Right when the accident happened I don't remember anything but, right afterwards, I remember the whole world was silent.\
Not just silent.\
Soundless.\
You know, like there had never been any noise, ever.\
Not even that hum that you hear when you're in an empty room.\
Nothing.\
Even inside the ambulance, people were talking and it was like, it was like I'd gone deaf.\
I felt relieved.\
I thought that I would never have to listen to anybody ever again.\
Sound came back, though.\
At first, from far away.\
The EMT, she kept saying, "I have to hear your voice.\
I have to hear your voice, sweetheart.\
" She wanted my parents' phone numbers.\
She wanted them to come and meet me when I got to the hospital.\
There was no way.\
They can't even sit in the same section at my meets.\
I have to wave to two different spots after my routine.\
I look schizo.\
I tried to sit up and told the EMT that I wanted to see the outside.\
Why? When you see an ambulance tearing down the street, you turn and look.\
Well, I wanted to see what it was like, being on the inside, looking out.\
You know, seeing people's faces on the sidewalk, wondering, "Who's in there? Is she going to be OK?" I couldn't sit up.\
The EMT, she had this mirror that she tried to angle, so that I could see out but all I could see was myself.\
And I remember thinking, "Both arms, Sophie? "Did it have to be both arms, you idiot?" Our time's up.\
OK.\
We'II, um We'll take it up there when you come back next week.\
You're not going to training camp with everyone else in the universe? I'll go get your clothes, call Kate.\
He didn't offer you a cup of tea, even? Are you sure that doesn't hurt? All right, you.\
Arms way up, yeah? OK.}