{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red253\green205\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c99608\c83137\c11765;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A liar shouldn't expect their word to be worth anything.\
I'm gonna start some real lying to teach you a lesson.\
You said that when you saw Jake for the first time you thought he was - sexy as hell.\
- He was beautiful.\
Amy has a strong need to have a career, that seems to make you jealous.\
That in turn makes Amy secretive and she lies.\
- Stop calling me a liar.\
- Stop lying and I will.\
Tell him to stop.\
- You're a liar.\
You are a fucking liar! - God damn it! Stop it! Amy! You're a quitter, OK? He's a winner.\
If you had a quarter of the strength Ben has, I'd be interested in you too.\
You're a psychopath.\
Have you ever recorded your arguments with her before? Yeah.\
I just wanna understand what's happening to us.\
Hey.\
What's up? You fall asleep? How long have you been here? Five minutes.\
Shall we go in? There's someone in there.\
Can I sit? What time is it? Five to.\
Well? Well, what? Are you gonna be like this in there too? Like what? I don't know.\
So how are you both? Fine.\
Fantastic.\
Before we begin, I want to talk about last week.\
I can tolerate yelling and outbursts that result from your arguments, but I will not, absolutely not, tolerate any physical violence.\
- Do you understand that? - It's OK, Paul.\
We separated a week ago.\
Separated.\
I'm sorry to hear that.\
So it's a little late to set up ground rules.\
I hope that doesn't make you feel like an idiot.\
Which is what you would want, I suppose, Jake.\
Why waste my time making you look like an idiot? - Because it makes you feel good.\
- Did you hear what I just said? Yes, I did, Amy.\
You said that you'd been separated for a week.\
Would you like to tell me why? He threatened to kill me.\
You're smiling.\
- You're taking on a huge responsibility.\
- What responsibility? You act like you're not concerned.\
Do you not think he's capable of that? - I think he could be capable of it.\
- Then why are you smiling? I've had patients who've had their lives threatened.\
You brought this up like it was nothing.\
- You know what, I'm not into this.\
- What's the matter? Can't you hear how he's talking to us? What the hell is wrong with you, Paul? Why are you being hostile? - Is that what it feels like to you? - Yes, very much so.\
- OK.\
- What?! I have to put up with you being hostile to each other and to me constantly.\
- That's why we pay you.\
- Money's not that important to me.\
I have other patients.\
I don't understand.\
What are you saying? That you don't want to treat us any more? Do I want to treat you? Hmm.\
That's a tough one, actually.\
This is what therapy would be like if nobody respected boundaries.\
It is chaotic, it is disrespectful and it's unproductive.\
Do you understand that? Is that what you want? No.\
Can't even get couples therapy right.\
Our own therapist doesn't want to treat us any more.\
Why don't you just tell me what happened after the session last week, Amy? I took Lenny and went to my mother's, and then Jake showed up and wanted to take Lenny home.\
- Before they poisoned him with sugar.\
- Oh, please.\
You should see the crap they force-feed him.\
I don't do that.\
Anyway, we went to the bedroom to talk, and one thing led to another and we ended up having sex.\
How did one thing and another lead to the sex? What, you want some details? - Whatever you'd like to tell me.\
- Things that dull at home? I'm interested in your sex because it's part of your dialogue as a couple.\
So how did it go from sex to a murder threat? He had just finished coming.\
He was still lying on top of me.\
He was still inside me, and he whispered in my ear that if I left him, he'd kill me.\
He didn't even bother pulling out.\
I was disgusted.\
Mm.\
That's an unusual reaction to somebody threatening to kill you.\
- What disgusted you? - Let me tell you what disgusts me.\
Watching her and her mother shove junk food down my son's throat.\
It's a miracle the kid doesn't shit Twinkies.\
What what does Lenny have to do with this? Nothing.\
It just disgusts me what you do to him.\
- He's nine years old, he weighs 100Ib.\
- He doesn't weigh 100Ib.\
So, is, uh is Lenny overweight? He's a child.\
He'll grow out of it when he hits puberty.\
I was the same.\
You you were overweight? Yes, my dirty little secret.\
She had issues with food.\
I was thin when we married.\
Who cares what I weighed when I was five? You never mentioned that before.\
Because it's not important in this context.\
This is couples therapy, right? - When did you lose the weight? - In my teens.\
Just melted off.\
Does it bother you that Lenny is overweight? Please stop saying that he's overweight.\
I don't like referring to him that way.\
- He has baby fat and he'll lose it.\
- 30Ib of baby fat.\
Her mother lets him eat candy and play Xbox all day - If Jake had his way, he'd never see her.\
- He'd be better off on the streets.\
- He hasn't got the genes of an athlete.\
- Oh, I knew that was coming.\
- It's my fault Lenny's fat.\
- Don't need me to tell you.\
- I passed down shitty genes.\
- Yeah, basically.\
We can't talk about Lenny without me being blamed - for terrible genes.\
- Truth hurts.\
So the fact that you were overweight, that does come up in arguments between you? Don't you think it's a relevant subject for therapy? No.\
Why are we going in this direction? I guess he wants to talk about our fat little boy.\
Why don't we talk about how Jake's screwing Lenny up? She means I'm screwing him up socially.\
Lenny hits.\
Because he gets laughed at for being fat.\
No, Lenny hits because Jake teaches him to hit.\
He gets bullied at school, so I taught him to defend himself, Paul.\
You were hitting here last week.\
You got Paul convinced it's gonna escalate to murder.\
- You're the one planning to kill me.\
- I would but I would feel bad for Paul.\
We already ruined his couch once.\
Right.\
Can you see the pattern here? What you do to each other? You take the most sensitive subjects, you just toss them away carelessly.\
Sometimes you laugh, sometimes it hurts you.\
But don't you feel that it makes it much more difficult to get to the bottom of your real feelings? You think I find it funny that he's threatening me? Jake, do you mean it when you say these things? Are you gonna call the police or something? Possibly.\
- Aren't there laws against that? - Against threatening to take somebody's life? No, against telling other people what your patients tell you.\
They don't apply to serious crimes.\
Just letting you know.\
Oh.\
But at least you are calling yourself a patient.\
- That's progress.\
- So fucking condescending.\
Somebody should teach you a lesson.\
Is that another threat? So many threats flying around, I I'm having trouble keeping up.\
What's going on with you today, Paul? I'm trying to get you guys to listen, really listen, to what you're saying.\
Let me ask you something.\
Has Jake threatened you before, physically? No.\
I didn't really mean I'd kill her, OK? - It just came out.\
- How did you put it, exactly? He said, "If you leave me, I'll kill you.\
" - Did you mean that? - Of course not! I'm not gonna fucking kill her.\
This week.\
What's that supposed to mean? What are you trying to say? Mm? And you said you weren't afraid, Amy, but you felt disgusted.\
- Yes.\
- What does that mean, "disgusted"? What do you think, Paul? Tell me what you think.\
He'd just come inside me and then said he wanted to kill me.\
What do you think disgusted me about that? Jake, do you understand the severity of what you said, that threat? You realise she could get a restraining order against you? I think you understand what I'm talking about.\
OK.\
"lf If you leave me, I'll kill you.\
" We've been concentrating on the second part of that sentence, but let's look at the first part of it.\
"If you leave me.\
" That says to me that you're you're afraid.\
You're afraid of what will happen to you if Amy leaves.\
The fear that you would cease to exist maybe.\
That you would die.\
OK, let's just leave that for a moment.\
I'd like to go back to something that we talked about earlier on.\
Would you like to talk about your memories of being a child? Being overweight? I don't think about that.\
I live my life moving forward.\
And does that need to be analysed, Paul? Would you say that you were a confident child? No, not really.\
I would say I was overweight and shy, but I grew out of it and I'm fine.\
I'm more than fine, and Lenny will be fine too.\
Last week you said Jake and his friends were pathetic.\
Yes, they are that.\
Maybe it's convenient for you to think of Jake as being pathetic, as you say, being an underachiever.\
Why? Perhaps because it helps you avoid seeing your own insecurities.\
I think that when he threatened you in bed, he revealed how desperately he needed you, although he did it in a very scary way.\
But that was Jake at his most vulnerable, which I think you associate with him being pathetic.\
And you don't want that.\
So you're saying I'm with an underachiever because I lack self-esteem? Perhaps that way you don't have to deal with negative feelings about yourself.\
No! I want a divorce.\
Fine.\
I'm taking Lenny with me.\
You think I'm just gonna let him go with you so you can turn him into some fat couch potato - because you want to make a change? - I don't want to make a change.\
I want my life.\
- And Lenny needs me - He needs me too.\
Fuck, Amy, what do you want from me? Huh? What do you want from me? Nothing.\
Let's just try and do this nicely, Jake, please.\
What the fuck's so nice about it? I, um I happen to know this couple who, uh who went to therapy after they'd already decided to get divorced and they made a decision in the end to, uh to stay together.\
That's not gonna be the case here, Paul.\
Well, the only reason I mention it is because I want you to know that even when divorce becomes a possibility, it isn't always so final.\
- Are you trying to change our minds? - Your mind.\
This particular couple had problems.\
They couldn't even hold a civil conversation with each other.\
- They slept in separate bedrooms - Why? There'd been an affair and - Who cheated? - That's not really the point.\
There's been no infidelity in our relationship.\
I'm not inferring that, Amy.\
I guess what I'm trying to say is that I know what it's like.\
Sometimes people have to get to this precipice to understand what they really mean to each other.\
I can't do this any more.\
Don't you think there are still some very positive aspects to your relationship? Like what? The murder threats, the suspicion, the recordings, the stakeouts, what? Mm.\
Well, I see it in the way that you look at each other sometimes, the way you make each other laugh.\
And you've you've been working on your relationship pretty steadily by coming here every week.\
Amy, are you cheating on me? No.\
So why did Paul just tell us about that other couple, then? - Was that story about you? - No.\
Of course it was about him.\
That's not the point.\
Did she tell you she was cheating on me or not? - I'm supposed to hear everything.\
- I'm not cheating.\
Neither of you is opening up here.\
You're both too busy attacking each other.\
I want you to listen.\
I want each of you to examine your own culpability here, not continuously looking for what's wrong with the other person.\
And not to be so on guard all the time.\
On guard? I come here to save my marriage and now you tell me she's having an affair? He never said that.\
- So you are here to save your marriage.\
- No, because I've got a thing for you! You're here to save your marriage.\
You just said it.\
Now say it to Amy.\
Jake, look at your wife and tell her.\
Jake, we're constantly fighting.\
We'll stay together and then we won't fight.\
If we stay together, we won't be able to stop.\
Even Paul said so.\
What was all this therapy for, huh? I don't know what to do.\
Paul, what am I supposed to do? Talk to your wife.\
Say it to Amy.\
- Amy, I want to tell you something - Stop.\
No, listen to me, I want to tell you something.\
I don't want you to leave me.\
I don't want to lose you.\
I don't want you to leave me.\
I haven't slept in, like, a week.\
I I can't sleep, I can't eat.\
I don't know what to do.\
But I really I don't want you to leave me.\
Please don't leave me.\
Please don't fucking leave me.\
Please don't leave me.}